Hey Ash, it's so great to see you. Thank
you for doing this.
>> Thank you for having me. It's awesome to
be here.
>> I actually remember the very first time
we met was in this OpenAI office
and at the time you were building
Hearth, right? Can you tell us a a bit
more about what it was?
>> Yes, Hearth AI was founded in 2022 and
it was the first agentic CRM. So, 2023
we're using GPT-3.5 and we were trying
to kick off all these agentic workflows
when the I think underlying systems were
still pretty fragile. So, it's trying to
>> Super early.
>> wrangle you and other people.
>> And I remember
you had great feedback for the API at
the time and one of the things that you
were trying to get done was like
structured outputs before we even had
them. You were trying to do like
retrieval with JSON schemas. You were so
early.
What was it at the time to like building
AI?
>> Yeah, so I mean my history was as an ML
engineer. So, I'd been studying and I
really rode the wave of deep learning
and the commercialization of deep
learning and then when kind of agentic
infrastructure and LLMs came out for the
first time, it was totally different,
right? It was
non-deterministic and it was seeing what
we could stabilize within a product
experience because our users didn't care
that like LLMs were new. They wanted to
see the flexibility of what was just
then possible.
>> Yeah, that's amazing. And speaking of
your ML background, I think what I find
fascinating about you is the wide range
of like life technical experiences
you've had. Like you were an ML engineer
at Airbnb, you worked on satellites at
NASA. But wait, you also started by
building a solar-powered racing car.
Like I want to hear that story.
>> Yeah, so I really tried to stay within
frontier tech and Stanford has a solar
car team with strong ties to like Tesla
and SpaceX. So, for 2 years I was
building heads down a solar-powered car
with that team. I was on telemetry, CAD
modeling, meshing, and then autocross.
So, I was one of the drivers, so I was
training with an autocross clinics
throughout California.
>> That's crazy. And so, did you actually
like race in that car that you built?
>> So, we shipped the car to Australia.
Every 2 years Australia has an
international solar car competition, the
Bridgestone World Solar Challenge, and
we spent 3 months there um prepping. We
were camping in the Australian Outback,
and then I would drive for 6 hours at a
time through the Outback, and then we we
did the race, which was 5 days from
Darwin to Adelaide.
>> Wow, was that scary?
>> Yeah, we were going um
90 kph, which is around 60 mph, and we
built the car end to end, so it wasn't
like a company came in and did it, and
teams were crashing. Cambridge's team
had crashed, and so I was very aware
that I had spent 2 years building
something with the team that I would put
my body into. And um that level of rigor
like really played into later
experiences.
>> Right, because like that level of risk
and like rigor you need to have is
extremely high.
>> Yeah, but it was so amazing cuz I think
that was a form of like frontier tech to
really be in the weeds with a team
where, you know, it is your body on the
line, it's your teammates' body on the
line. How do you make safe decisions and
also really push the bounds of what's
technically possible.
>> Amazing. And so, what got you into
building in the first place, starting on
that project all the way to like being a
founder?
>> Yeah, I think just a lot of curiosity
and really interested in um bringing
things to life. So, I view the builder
archetype as quite close to the artist
archetype. I think I'm happiest viewing
myself as like a conduit for creativity,
and I think engineering for me has
always felt like a tool for creating and
incarnating, and to be able to do it
with satellites and cars and code, um
but also like, you know, poetry and and
videos and other mediums that is such an
energizing way to spend every day.
>> Incredible. And so, when you were so
early building like an AI product like 3
years ago,
um when you look back now like how do
you think about that experience? Like
what were the hardest parts or the
things you did not expect?
>> Yeah, I think there were so many norms
that were being disrupted. So, the fact
that our team was tearing down our like
agentic stack every couple of weeks,
that was really hard to maybe explain to
folks around us because the history of
tech had been okay in ML you maybe spend
a year laying the data pipes and then
and only then can you do something
predictive and interesting with the ML
product. And for us it was like, "No, we
want to surface an experience to users
that is flexible." But it was so open
world that there wasn't consumer
behavior yet around querying an agent.
So, for example like folks didn't know
in 2023 that in Slack the Slack bot
could respond. They just thought that it
was an outbound ping. So, there was a
lot of new behavior from the end side
but also from the user side to to
educate them on.
>> And I remember on my side I was trying
to build agents too before joining upon
AI and you know, this was the era of
like nano GPT, baby GPT. People were
like trying to find like the early
incarnation of what that agent would be.
But most people outside of the space
would not really understand and grasp
like what an agent could do.
>> Mhm. And I think for me it underlined
the importance of having relationships
with other builders, you know, we were
really all in the same plane of learning
this stuff for the first time and to
have friends that were like open and
transparent and we were sharing tricks
and also friends with an AI labs that
really made a difference with creating
products that that worked in some
capacity.
>> Mhm. And so, you've worked on very deep
tech and very deep systems, right? What
got you to think about like these human
connections, human relationship which is
kind of like the core thesis of heart,
right?
>> Yeah, there is this amazing book When
Breath Becomes Air written by Paul
Kalanithi, and, uh,
I didn't realize it, um, but he had sat
in on a neuroscience class that I was
in, and he was presented as this guest,
um, that had a terminal illness. And he
was like, you get to ask this person
anything, and, you know, he has this
terminal illness, and how is he viewing
life? And, um, what he talks about is
all achieving all of these accolades and
making it to the top of the mountain,
and essentially looking around and being
like, and now what? And I think from a
young age, I had all of this access to
like really interesting frontier tech,
but I was realizing I kind of missed
that like spiritual footing. And for me,
after some soul searching, I think like
for so many people, what do I think I'll
care about on my deathbed? You know, the
satellites are amazing, the solar car is
amazing, all the ML stuff is cool, but I
think what I'm going to care about is
how connected I was to myself and to
other people in my life, and how much
presence and love I exchanged, and
then it became obvious I want to push
the needle on that, on connection. And I
think, I say this a lot, but the arc of
human progress bends towards love and
connection, and innovation, and and AI,
I believe, like should push the needle
on that.
>> And do you think now that like what you
were exploring a few years ago with like
this like AI agentic CRM, uh, was the
first kind of manifestation of something
like broader that you were going to
explore, basically now?
>> Yeah, and, um, you know, even before
that, I had been working on teams where
they had an external network of people,
and the task was to mine that network,
to match people with other people, or
opportunities, or capital. And so, it's
kind of this age-old problem of, as
modern humans, we are connected to so
many more people than ever before, and
maybe feeling lonelier and less able to
act on it, both individually and as part
of any cooperative team. And so, I've
been fixated on this for so many years,
and and the agentic, um, CRM was a
multiplayer pass at it, but you know, my
thesis is on relational intelligence.
It's this belief that AI should augment
the human experience and allow us to
feel more connected in the time that we
have and that AI should extend our
brain's ability to reason on who we're
connected to and why.
>> And speaking of brain, I see you
mentioned a few times like uh on your
post like the idea of a second brain.
Can you tell us more about this and how
you think about it?
>> I love the phrase second brain because
it's a little bit less technical. So, I
think anyone in the world can maybe
visualize what a second brain looks
like. And it's this idea that we will
have a symbiotic relationship with our
AI products and and have a relationship
with the product is the keyword. So,
it'll be this continuous feedback loop
um on our stream of consciousness in
which the AI is trusted as maybe this
bird's-eye intelligence to to guide us
to see farther than we could with our
own cognitive limitations.
>> So, one thing that I find very
interesting as you're exploring these
topics now and maybe compared to what
you were building a few years ago is
that the tools have changed drastically.
Yeah. And um
I'd love to hear more about like what's
your workflow today? Like the way you
approach like new ideas, following your
own creativity, like what's Ash's
workflow?
>> Mhm. So, a big thing I'm leaning into
this year is really building while
connected. And I think for so many years
as a founder, I built in more of a silo
and I'm very excited to be building in
public, to be um connecting with folks
on these different agentic workflows or
products and leaning into the variance
that you get when you build in product
in public and you allow all of these
folks to comment on what you're putting
out there. And so, something I've
enjoyed doing is I have my ash.ai
um public-facing website which you could
go on, but there's a whole backend
system that is behind a secrets page
where um
I will if I have a product idea, I'll
kick it off. Um, now I'm using Codex 54,
but you know, I'm driving really fast to
like test what I should be experimenting
with and then I'll have it with an
Ash.ai. I'll put it on on X and if
people are reacting to it, I'll have 54
extracted into a standalone product
quite quickly, which is cool or open
source a part of it cuz a lot of folks
are asking for like an open source
version to pull into their own
personalized software.
>> That's super cool. So, you are exploring
different ideas in parallel. You're
putting them on your own personal
website
using Codex to build many of these
ideas, but then as you see them kind of
getting traction, you're extracting them
into complete products.
>> Yeah, so the name of the game is speed
and I think the key thing is you could
build so much software nowadays, but
what will you build that you yourself
use every day that you find to be a
beautiful and elegant experience and
that you can surface to users in a way
that's sustainable and isn't just
breaking with the fragility of maybe a 5
coded product. And so to be able to
drive 54 and Codex really fast, but
still have kind of an a reliable um,
foundation which is new. Like I think
this is new as of the past 2 months has
let me put out uh, like aesthetic videos
a platform where I'm doing a lot of
video editing um, and I'll have guests,
but I want them to have access to
everything they say in case any part is
sensitive and I was able to really
quickly put out that platform and I use
it every day and guests use it every
time I film for collaborating for
identaclips and that's just one example.
>> That's awesome. Uh, and is there
anything like surprising to you or in
your workflow or like the way you use
Codex anything that has been like uh,
fascinating to you?
>> I think the speed is really important
where I want to be able to drive the
agent very fast in productizing because
I need to still validate it with a user
base. Like just because you can build
many things nowadays doesn't mean it
will be a product that users understand
or can come on or that you yourself want
to use every day. So being able to have
that rapid feedback loop building in
public has been very important and the
other layers instrumentation. So I have
my ash.ai system on slack and then I
have all my agentic workflows broken up
by channels for every product that I put
out I have a layer of instrumentation
and observability so I can validate are
people using the tool in the way that I
expect
let alone like any errors or things that
are worth me like quickly trying to
patch.
>> That's awesome. I would love to see it.
Do you want to show it to me?
>> Yeah.
Okay, so this is my ash.ai slack
workspace and you can see with all of my
channels. These are all agentic
workflows that I have here and I'll get
alerts and up managed throughout the day
and I have all of these errors for
aesthetic video. So I should probably
kick off something cuz I do have people
on this and I think I know what this is.
Kick off a task to fix the infinite load
on the drafts page.
So I trust 54 will figure that out.
>> Nice.
>> And yeah, so this is ash.ai. This is
public. This has kind of my portfolio
and products and also goals but then I
have a secrets page and this is where I
have everything from different templates
so I'll reuse the same stripe template.
I have these animations to prototyping
potential products. So I have my aura
integration here. Videos was the start
of
aesthetic video and then I got enough
validation where I went ahead and built
this out as a standalone product. So
here I built it out and then told 54 hey
like break off this chunk but obviously
we have so much happening in ash.ai and
put it on aesthetic video and then from
here this is how I organize the content
that I'm putting out. I have an
automatic X integration and then when I
want to collaborate with my interview
guests, I will have the video here. They
can add comments and it'll be
time-stamped. I have an auto-generated
video guide. I even have an Agenty
Clipper to get those fun reels.
>> Wow, that's really cool. I I loved like
seeing your video hub on on X. Did you
simply just ask Codex to extract all of
the prototype and make it a standalone
product like in one shot?
>> Yeah, so actually it did really well
with One Shot. So I had my my template
here and I need to use this for myself.
So I tried it out with Agenty AI. I
posted it. I had enough people be like,
"Hey, can you open source this? Can you
put this out?" And after getting that
validation, I told it to to break off a
chunk. I let it let it go and then um
I I had a good bit here and then I've
added things to it. So I have like
Google storage for all my videos. I
pulled in the Gemini embeddings to to
to do some smart things with searching
on video. So I have like search over
here and I can search for people
laughing. Yeah, and then I play with it.
Like I have my chat here. Sometimes I'll
use Opus 46 for the chat. Sometimes I'll
use 54. It's really fun in this moment
to pull in all of these different Agenty
tools and model providers.
>> Cool. I guess like I need to ship more
video content and use the hub for
myself, too.
>> this video on here.
>> Exactly. We should. Amazing.
Well, thank you so much for showing me.
That that's really really cool. And what
I love too is that you were solo founder
and like you were able to build so much
by yourself. One more time, like this is
incredible. Like how have the tools like
changed to help you build all of this?
>> Yeah, so I think what's interesting is
as an engineer, kind of one of my
defining attributes was speed and I've
always really valued running at a
problem and then instead of living in my
head for so long, getting real-world
feedback loops to kind of coalesce my
vision with reality. And the magic of
this moment is being able to drive like
54 incredibly fast and obviously also
have that like autocross training. I
want to go fast and trust that it's
going to kind of have a foundation that
isn't so fragile. I'll have to spend a
ton of time redoing it. And then having
that um
building in public kind of feedback loop
where I can put things out into the
world and see the variance and
creativity that comes back in. So for
example, um maybe last week I had my
Aura Ring and I pulled the Aura API and
on my ash.ai goals page I put up my wake
up times cuz I really love waking up at
5:00 a.m. And someone commented like,
"Hey, you should create a social version
of this where we can all have a level of
accountability for waking up at 5:00
a.m." And the magic of this is now I can
quickly sprint at this without it taking
up so much time. And I think what's been
cool about 54 specifically around
productizing is I'll have my whole
ash.ai system. I'll build the prototype.
I'll see if I actually use it because
that's important. And then if it's
validated in some way I'll tell 54,
"Hey, go split this off into an open
source repo or go split this off into
its own standalone product." And I'm
seeing it do it quite reliably. Like I
think that's kind of a huge difference
even um going back like 6 weeks ago.
>> That's incredible. Uh I have an Aura too
so I guess I should look at the
leaderboard but I'm not sure if I'm if
I'm waking up early enough to be up
there. That's really really cool and I
love the fact that now that like we can
build so much it's really down to the
creativity and the process you have
around capturing your ideas and bringing
them to life. And I love how you're
describing the fact that you have this
kind of secret space where you can
experiment freely and then you're
waiting for a sign or a signal that like
things are picking up to then extract
them well. Is that right?
>> Yeah, and I think um you know, our time
is is zero-sum and I think especially as
the builder archetype moves closer and
closer to the creative archetype or to
the artist archetype, you want to
channel kind of your full self into what
it is that you're building. Otherwise,
maybe why would people resonate with it?
I think there's a real moment right now
in which folks are inundated with
AI-generated content and
have like maybe a repulsion to to that
video or to that product. And so I'm
asking myself a lot, "Hey, what does it
look like to step into this new world in
which I'm building with my full self and
being vulnerable enough to share that
with other builders or potential users?"
>> And one of the things like speaking of
builders that I love about your process
is how much you're building in public,
right? Like you're learning as you go,
it looks like. And you're also talking
to a lot of builders, making your own
videos. Um what have you learned in that
process? Has that helped you like build
better products and get better ideas?
>> Yeah, so a big thing for me is I want to
live a very aligned life in day-to-day.
And uh the thing I'm trying to improve
upon is for a while I built feeling
quite disconnected. And so if I'm
building for relational intelligence, I
want to live relational intelligence.
And I have found that having these
conversations where I'm really present
and really curious, I mean it feels
amazing. I think we're wired as humans
to be connected and to kind of bring
that into conversations around frontier
tech feels like I'm stepping into the
renaissance moment that exists right
now. And I feel very excited and I feel
very abundant and I know that there's a
lot of fear in the world, which is
validated, which is which is valid, but
um
I think we have so many reasons to feel
excited with the new wave of creativity
being unlocked.
>> I agree. I think like there's so much
like exciting so many exciting things we
can build now. So for us engineers and
for like all the builders watching, like
you're mentioning this like renaissance
moment, how do you think they should
grab it? Like there is so much
potential. There's also some grief in
some ways about like the the work
changing so much because now those
models like GPT-5.4 are so good at
writing very high quality production
code.
The role of being an engineer is
changing. Like what's your view on all
of this?
>> Yeah, I think this is the moment to lean
into creativity as the North Star. I
mean, if we go back to the Italian
sculptor Bernini, he worked very
diligently for like 4 hours and spent
the rest of the day strolling or going
to drinks or dancing or like really
being having fun. And I know like Peter
talked a lot about the competitive edge
being having fun. And I think the the
exciting part of this moment is you are
incentivized to bring your full self to
the table as a builder. And I think in
part that's because there's so much
noise with so many people trying to
maybe sell you something when you go on
X or um
vibe code their own internal tool or
create AI-generated content or
AI-generated movies. I think the premium
now is on risking something by being
vulnerable, by sharing, and creating
kind of a trust layer or more
relationships with folks for why they
should engage with you not only as a
builder to use your tool, but like as a
human that they trust with their data
and
and whatever else. Yeah, and attention
really because
I think this was in the news, but this
question of putting out an article
that's like AI-written. I think a lot of
users felt a lot of readers felt
disrespected.
And I think the premium is on feeling
authentically connected to the person on
the other end in this moment. And that's
a call for all of us to
share more, I think, about ourselves.
>> And when you think about engineers and
builders, do you think that naturally
the they should have more
taste and interest for the customers and
like kind of like the role starting to
blend when you work on a team, right?
Because like those tools are giving
superpowers to everyone. Like what what
what do you see kind of the interplay
between different roles and different
teammates?
>> Yeah, I think this is a moment to really
attune to yourself individually first
and to ask yourself, what is beautiful
to me? What is impactful to me? What am
I here to put out into the world? And
have that individuality and creativity
and and from that place then cooperate
and and build. I think we had a previous
era in which uh we were building for so
many people in the world that weren't
ourselves, maybe addressing markets
first. I think the era of personalized
software is now a mirror back to us to
really figure out, okay, what is it that
I want to bring to life? Absolutely. And
you were mentioning Peter from Open Claw
that we had a for this first episode.
And it sounds like when you're working
on your projects, you're no longer just
working in projects, you're also working
in systems, right? That's something very
interesting. I'd love to hear more about
your workflow. It sounds like you're
also using Open Claw to build a system
around your distribution. I would love
to hear how you're thinking through
that.
>> So, I'm very quick to pull out whatever
state of the art thing comes out into my
full agentic stack and all of the
different workflows that exist. So, I
went deep into Open Claw and for me, you
know, I don't have a marketing
background, um
let alone like distribution across all
of these different platforms. I will say
the area that Open Claw kind of shined
for me was to figure out distribution
for, you know, maybe I'm really present
on X and put out a post there to be able
to then lean on Open Claw and agents to
re-share that on Reddit and what other
platforms. Not in a way that that feels
spammy, and this is a really fine line,
but in a way that allows me to get that
idea out there in the language that is
specific to that platform, because they
are all different. So, it was able to do
this pretty impressively on Reddit um
with seemingly human responses back
pretty quickly. Uh so, I think for
anyone that's looking to figure out
distribution, which I certainly am, it's
an interesting moment of like, "Okay,
maybe I don't need to spend all this
time on Reddit, on LinkedIn, on
Instagram, whatever else. Maybe I can
have my agents help me out so that I can
be present with the with the idea."
>> That's very cool. Any favorite way to
talk to your Open Claw? Where do you
have it set up?
>> So, I will say I'm a big Slack person,
and Open Claw is one piece in my full
agentic system. So, I do love Slack for
naturally breaking up my agentic
workflows by channel. So, I have like a
news channel, a birthdays channel, a
goals channel, a money channel.
Basically, anything in my life that I'm
doing repeatedly, there has a there's a
channel on Slack with agents tied to it.
And the important thing is the agents
are up managing me to try to like reduce
my screen time and let me be really
present with people.
>> That's incredible. I love that. Really,
really cool. I need to like upgrade my
setup. It gives me some ideas now.
>> Yeah, I'll I'll show you. I showed
someone at a bar once, and they were
like, "Are you the only person on this
Slack workspace?" And I was like, "Yes."
And they started laughing. But, it's the
future.
>> and your agents.
>> It's you and all my agents. I'm not
alone.
>> You have a whole team with you.
That's pretty cool. One thing that I
love that we don't I don't think we have
talked about yet is the fact that like
as you think through these systems for
yourself, and as you kind of pursue this
thread around
connections across humans in this AI
era, you're also thinking about
wearables and hardware a lot, right? And
you're working on one.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
tell me more about like why that
matters.
>> Yeah, so I am very
driven by, I think a life that feels
present and that feels connected and I
want to be across from someone looking
at them fully present with them and I
really do want to minimize my screen
time, my time on my phone, my time on my
desktop. And so I'm excited um first
about the social etiquette layer. I
don't like ambient recording. I do think
we will need a stream of conscious
consciousness that is systematized for
our second brain. When I think a lot
about a second brain for my people. Um I
think there will be some social
etiquette around you saying something
really interesting, you seeing me touch
a part of my body and agree that that
will be put into my second brain or pull
me back and say actually hey, I'm not
comfortable with that. So first I want
to play with what might the future
social etiquette be in a way that feels
elegant and not gauche. And then second
um just an analog experience that lets
me have that second brain for my people
so I can focus on really listening to
what the other person saying.
>> So being fully present but also thinking
through the social norms of what that
means to have such ambient intelligence
almost.
>> Yeah, and I think when it comes to our
relational landscape, the human brain is
naturally pretty limited. So if you
think about each person in your life,
there are so many facts and dimensions
to who they are because a relationship
is who am I, who is this person and who
are they to me over time and
relationships are mirrors back to
ourselves. And so I'm excited for an
intelligence layer that guides me on the
abundance of who I'm connected to.
>> That's really great. And so in this era
of like building being easier and you
exploring the frontier of the
intersection of like software, hardware,
wearables, very very exciting. How do
you foresee like um
your own part in this journey and like
like in some ways influencing other
builders to follow uh that journey and
and that same like um
that same chain of thought almost. Like,
do you think engineers will also have to
explore a lot more like that software to
hardware frontier? Do you think they
need to bring their own taste and their
own vantage point to these solutions?
Like, how you thinking through that?
>> Well, first I want to lean into my own
sense of self and I think what's nice
about this moment is the way it's
empowering people to build their own
personalized software layers, but
hopefully present more authentically
with that building in public layer. And
so, I think a lot about aesthetic for
example and visuals and beauty. And I
think
anything I build in the future, I want
to interact with it in a way that feels
beautiful to me, even down to managing
my agents. And we've talked about this,
but part of what was cool about Codex is
it feels like a really beautiful
experience to start to manage all of
these different agents and sub-agents
that are being kicked off. And I think
what's exciting looking ahead is that
you can imagine every touchpoint with
agents in the future or these systems
that you're building or hardware or
hopefully board design feels like a
piece of art, feels like something that
feels resonant and inspiring to interact
with.
>> Yeah. And it's amazing how fast we've
transitioned from, you know, AI systems
were able to like write a bit of code
all the way to like AI systems that can
reliably take on like huge chunk of
work. In your case, like extracting an
entire prototype and turning it in one
shot into a complete product. Um is
there anything that has like surprised
you or delighted you along the way as
you've been using like Codex? I I assume
you're using the Codex app now?
>> I'm using the app. I switch between all
of these different systems all the time.
So, still still using Cursor, still
using Claude Code, using Codex, using
all of these different systems. And I
think what's defining about this moment
is no two days are the same. Like, the
whole ecosystem is moving too fast that
I really feel like a creative operating
in bursts. So, you know, like I'll have
a product like the aesthetic video, and
right away saw 54 was like the right
partner for that because it was moving
really fast but reliably with
understanding, okay, there was going to
be like a user authentication layer.
Like, this was going to be a product I
put out. There was going to be a Stripe
layer to this. And then having that like
sprint for however many hours, and then
pausing and putting it out into the
world and doing videos and doing
something different and having a lot of
variance in my day and workflows. And
that feels really new to this moment. I
think in the past as an engineer, you
know, I would be doing really similar
things for like 11 hours or like day in
and day out. And now I I know I keep
mentioning the artist archetype, but I'm
best served by, okay, when am I most
creative versus like just sprint just
like a marathon.
>> Yeah. So, now builders can truly build
anything with these tools like Codex. Do
you think like there's any
like quality, like maybe like thinking
through taste or the curiosity that
matters more these days? Like, what what
would be like top-of-mind?
>> I think the call is for folks to be
really present within themselves, within
their bodies. I do think there's a pull
in the direction of what you want to
create and what you want what what is
resonant to you, whether that's film,
whether that's photography, whether
that's like products. Whatever that pull
is, I think aggressively pursue it and
curate things that are similar. And for
me, the advice I would give my my
younger self is to be uncomfortable. You
know, like there is discomfort in growth
or in putting yourself out there. You
know, anytime I've put something out
there that has a little piece of me in
it. It is scary and there's discomfort
and I'm risking something by being seen,
but it's so worth it to build that
reflex and that muscle because that's
what's meaningful and that's also what
lets you pull in the variance of
real-world feedback and get more
creative and keep, you know, building.
You just to talk about Peter and Open
Claw one more time, I think that was a
an amazing example of putting something
out into the world in which so many
people poured energy back into it and it
had this emergent quality of growing
beyond what anyone would have guessed,
right? And I think that's kind of the
magic of what's possible now when you
have these relationships and feedback
loops with all of these other builders.
>> Yeah, and I think what I
like really amazed me with Open Claw was
not just the unique insight that Peter
had to put something amazing out there.
It's also the community around it. Like
the number of people now like wearing
lobster hats and like really passionate
about making their own personal agents.
That's quite special.
>> Yeah. Yeah, so back to your question
about taste, I think that's really a
question on
self-attunement and individuality and if
something is resonant to you, that's
worth passionately pursuing and sharing
and
let it like go out into the world. Let
it breathe and
allow there to be a surprise in in what
could happen.
>> Right. And maybe as we wrap, you were
talking about advice for your younger
self.
>> Yeah.
>> You've had like all these experiences
from being an email engineer, like
building satellites, those racing cars
we talked about. You've been a founder a
couple times and you're now kind of
embracing these tools every day. What
would be your advice for builders around
the world like that maybe like earlier
in their journey just starting to
explore these AI tools like
how should they approach this brave new
world?
>> First, curiosity, you know, and and
having fun, I think is great advice and
really honoring that curiosity. You
know, if we have these desires, I think
it's for a reason and to let those poles
guide us and to to take that risk
because you want to know what happens,
you know, I think curiosity is such a
magical part of the history of being an
engineer and I think as everything's
changing that is is the same pillar.
It's to be driven by curiosity to bring
something to life that is newly
possible.
>> And I love how it's a very similar
advice to what Peter shared. Also trying
to have fun along the way and trying to
follow your passion, your curiosity.
That's awesome. Well, I think it's a
great way to end. Thank you so so much
for spending time together and I can't
wait to see what you build next with all
of these great ideas that you're putting
on X every day and can't wait to see the
device too that you're working on.
>> Thank you so much. This was so fun.